feat(curriculum): forum leaderboard project (#50241)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-intermediate-fetch-promises-and-async-await-by-building-an-fcc-forum-leaderboard/6444ed90ff671201bf007af6.md

---
id: 6444ed90ff671201bf007af6
title: Step 58
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-58
---

# --description--

> While staying inside the function named `countingViews` you will create a if statement where it will check whether the argument `views` is more than or equal to 1000. A more than or equal to operator is represented by `>=`. If it is, then it will return the template literal saying `${thousands}k`. What it does is that it will return the number of thousands of views the post has. As an example, If it has 10000 views, it will return 10k.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the `countingViews` function, create an `if` statement that checks whether the argument `views` is greater than or equal to 1000. A greater than or equal to operator is represented by `>=`. If it is, then it will return the template literal `${thousands}k`. This literal would represent 1000 as k, improving the readability. As an example, for 10000 views, it will return 10k.
```

Author: added
